Submariner 0.3.0 release highlights (#118)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/releases/_index.en.md

+++

> date = 2020-05-04T16:50:16+02:00

Author: May be we can try removing them, I think it's used on the html metadata to indicate crawlers that the content is newer.. but I guess they are smart enough at this point to know if the content really changed . May be we can try dropping them altogether.

title = "Releases"
pre = "<b>4. </b>"
weight = 15
+++

## v0.3.0 Lighthouse Service Discovery without KubeFed

> This release is focused on removing the KubeFed dependency from Lighthouse, improving the user experience

> > and adding experimental WireGuard support as an alternative to IPsec

Author: Review on github is hard if we don't break the lines because then you can't comment (or propose suggestions) individually in single lines... it becomes about the whole paragraph. 

Also diffs are worse, because it's removing a whole paragraph to add a new paragraph when it's just may be a word.

I was going to propose line length limit checking on commits.

> > and adding experimental WireGuard support as an alternative to IPsec

Reviewer: Actually I think review is harder when text is broken on separate lines b/c many times proposed changes extend to subsequent line(s).  So when you do a suggested change, you have to do it on multiple lines which is awkward b/c github doesn't allow you to select multiple lines to edit.

> > and adding experimental WireGuard support as an alternative to IPsec

Reviewer 2: Actually it does let you select multiple lines and propose suggestions on them even.

As for simplicity of review on GH thats more of an individual preference I guess?
Myself, I find that it doesn't bother me if it's in multiple lines or not.

I agree about shell diff (which is poor), but with rich diff (such as GH though they're quite bad at it) it's really easy to see exactly what changed.

My gripe with this is mainly that the source looks one way and then you expect the output to look similarly, but it gets rendered differently (and probably rightly so).

> > and adding experimental WireGuard support as an alternative to IPsec

Reviewer: > Actually it does let you select multiple lines and propose suggestions on them even.
> 

Ahh you're right - just figured that out.  That helps a lot  - I'm OK with multiple lines now 😄

* Lighthouse no longer depends KubeFed. All metadata exchange is handled over the Broker as MultiClusterService CRs.
* Experimental **Wireguard** support has been added as a pluggable CableDriver option in addition to the current default IPsec.

> * Submariner reports the active and passive gateways as a gateway.submariner.io CRD.

Author: correct ':)

+++
date = 2020-05-04T16:50:16+02:00
title = "Releases"
pre = "<b>4. </b>"
weight = 15
+++

> ## v0.3.0 Lighthouse service discover without kubefed

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## v0.3.0 Lighthouse service discover without kubefed
```
```suggestion
## v0.3.0 Lighthouse Service Discovery without KubeFed
```

> > This release is focused on removing the kubefed dependency from Lighthouse, the user experience

Reviewer 4: "improving the user experience"?

Author: :+1:
```suggestion
> This release is focused on removing the kubefed dependency from Lighthouse and improving the user experience
```

Author: ```suggestion
> This release is focused on removing the KubeFed dependency from Lighthouse, improving the user experience
```

> > and adding experimental wireguard support

Reviewer 4: experimental support for wireguard as an alternative to IPsec?

Author: ```suggestion
> and adding experimental wireguard support as an alternative to IPsec.
```

Author: ```suggestion
> and adding experimental WireGuard support as an alternative to IPsec
```

> > This release is focused on removing the kubefed dependency from Lighthouse, the user experience
> > and adding experimental wireguard support

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> This release is focused on removing the KubeFed dependency from Lighthouse, improving the user experience,
> and adding experimental Wireguard support.
```

> * Lighthouse does not depend anymore on kubefed and all metadata exchange is handled
>   over the broker as MultiClusterService CRs

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Lighthouse no longer depends KubeFed. All metadata exchange is handled over the Broker as MultiClusterService CRs.
```

> * Experimental *wireguard* support has been added as a Cable driver.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Experimental **Wireguard** support has been added as a pluggable CableDriver option in addition to the current default IPsec.
```

> * Submariner reports the active and passive gateways as a gateway.submariner.io CRD

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Submariner reports the active and passive gateways as a gateway.submariner.io CRD.
```

> * The submariner operator reports detailed status on the deployment.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* The Submariner Operator reports a detailed status of the deployment.
```

> * The *gateway redundancy/failover* tests are now enabled and stable on CI

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* The **gateway redundancy/failover** tests are now enabled and stable in CI.
```

> * *Globalnet hostNetwork* to remote globalIP is supported now

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* *Globalnet hostNetwork* to remote globalIP is now supported.
```

Must admit I don't fully understand this one. :sweat_smile: Would it be possible to add a bit more background/why?

Author: ```suggestion
* *Globalnet hostNetwork* to remote globalIP is now supported. Previously, when a pod used hostNetworking it was unable to connect to a remote service via globalIP.
```

> * A manual globalCIDR can be specified when joining a cluster with globalnet enabled

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* A globalCIDR can be manually specified when joining a cluster with globalnet enabled. This enables CI speed optimizations via better parallelism.
```

> * Operator and subctl made more robust with standard retries on updates.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Operator and subctl are more robust via standard retries on updates.
```

> * Subctl creates a new *individual access token* for every new joined cluster

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Subctl creates a new **individual access token** for every new joined cluster.
```

Btw I'm going from italics to bold because I think these things deserve the extra attention. ;)
